the pressure becomes in consultation with
the next question is it just
to open a sophrology practice on
she offers herself is the following
obviously any tarologist
even beginners would say a big yes but
rest assured, that's what I said
also yes it is obviously we have
said carriage professional success
through the sun the joy and happiness and
finally from the 21st the fulfillment
staff
in addition we want to see sophrology
present by the position of the
characters in the map 19
so far so good life is beautiful
parade under the sun is good in what
I can nuance is still about
since the trolley evokes the
material success
it's the end of business it's the
business woman who would manage the cabinet
in 21 we rather have the person
the woman who accomplishes ray by doing
this professional activity like the
trolley and left and that the world is
to the right
I allow myself to qualify the purpose of the
big yes saying yes it's good
to open this cabinet while knowing that
no doubt is not new issement
Staff will be superior to the business
so the money would not come in
maybe not greatly but that the
sliding fans him would be giant more
I can afford to shade the cape
the sun by sending that there are many
children
1:15 pm otherwise say why not
suggest to the person that workshops
or a specialization for children in
sophrology could be a
interesting track
what I wanted to highlight
in this little video it was the fact
you have to take into account the words
keys as drawings to decode a
draw I wish you a good draw
he